The Longest Ride, my seventeenth novel, could not have been written without the support of many wonderful people.
 At the top of my list, as always, is my wife Cathy, who has remained after all these years the best friend I've ever had.
 My life has been enriched by her presence on a daily basis, and part of me knows that every female character I've ever created is in no small way inspired by her.
 It's been a joy to share with her the longest ride, this thing we call life.

 I must also thank Theresa Park – my literary agent, manager, and now producing partner – yet another extraordinary blessing in my life.
 It's hard for me to believe that we've been working together for nineteen years now.
 Though I've told you many times before, it's time for me to put it in writing: I've always considered myself to be the fortunate one.

 Jamie Raab, my editor, is priceless when it comes to making my novels as good as they can possibly be.
 She has been my editor since the very beginning, and working with her has made me one of the luckiest authors around.
 She deserves my thanks not only for all she does, but also because I consider her a cherished friend.

 Howie Sanders and Keya Khayatian – my film agents at UTA – are quite simply the best in the business.
 More than that, they're creative geniuses in all aspects of business.
 Add in kindness, honesty, and enthusiasm, and the more time I spend with them, the more thrilled I am to consider them friends.

 Scott Schwimer, my entertainment attorney, is yet another member of my team who has been with me since the very beginning, a man who has gifted my life with his wisdom and advice.
 Add in friendship and laughter, and my life has been enriched by his presence.

 Elise Henderson and Kosha Shah, who run my television production company, are two amazing people, gifted with motivation, intelligence, and humor, and I'm fortunate to consider them part of my team.
 Also thanks to Dave Park, for his guidance and support in my early TV endeavours, and to Lucinda Moorehead for her enthusiastic efforts at UTA.

 My thanks also go out to Denise DiNovi, who has produced – with style and quality – any number of films adapted from my work, including Message in a Bottle, A Walk to Remember, and The Lucky One.
 I very much enjoy working with you and look forward to seeing The Best of Me on the big screen.
 I'd be remiss, of course, if I didn't thank Alison Greenspan for all she does as well.

 Marty Bowen is yet another producer with multiple films adapted from my work to his credit, and I'd like to thank him for the work he did on both Dear John and Safe Haven.
 Along with Theresa and me, he'll be producing The Longest Ride, and there's no doubt that it will be an amazing film.
 Thanks also to Wyck Godfrey who works with Marty on all their endeavors.

 I also have to thank Emily Sweet and Abby Koons at the Park Literary Group.
 Emily not only works with my foundation and the website, but handles all those jobs that fall into the gray areas of my ventures with energy, enthusiasm, and efficiency.
 Abby, who is responsible for all things foreign, is fantastic at her job.
 I consider both of them my friends, and I don't know where I'd be without them.

 Michael Nyman, Catherine Olim, Jill Fritzo, and Michael Geiser at PMK-BNC, my publicists, are all terrific at what they do.
 I want to thank them for all the extraordinary work they do on my behalf.